“A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.”– Walter Winchell
“If you live to be 100, I hope I live to be 100 minus 1 day, so I never have to live without you.”– Winnie the Pooh
“I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.”– Ernest Hemingway
“Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, ‘What! You too? I thought I was the only one.”– C.S. Lewis
“True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.”– David Tyson
“Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.”– Washington Irving
“There’s not a word yet for old friends who’ve just met.”– Jim Henson
“A single rose can be my garden… a single friend, my world.”– Leo Buscaglia
“Don’t make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up.”– Thomas J. Watson
“You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.”— Dale Carnegie
“A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.”– Unknown
“What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.”– Confucius
“Ultimately the bond of all companionship, whether in marriage or in friendship, is conversation.”– Oscar Wilde
“How many slams in an old screen door? Depends how loud you shut it. How many slices in a bread? Depends how thin you cut it. How much good inside a day? Depends how good you live ’em. How much love inside a friend? Depends how much you give ’em.”– Shel Silverstein
“A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.”– Arnold H. Glasgow
“I don’t need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.”– Plutarch
“In everyone’s life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.”– Albert Schweitzer
“The real test of friendship is can you literally do nothing with the other person? Can you enjoy those moments of life that are utterly simple?”– Eugene Kennedy
“A loyal friend laughs at your jokes when they’re not so good, and sympathizes with your problems when they’re not so bad.”– Arnold H. Glasgow
“It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.”– Friedrich Nietzsche
“Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It’s not something you learn in school. But if you haven’t learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven’t learned anything.”– Muhammad Ali